This repo contains files generating and loading a large number of apps and pipelines. 
The procedure to upload these to spinnaker are below

**gen-apps.sh** : Script to generate app-jsons and copy them into the "apps" folder

**gen-pipe.sh** : Script to generate pipeline-jsons and copy them into the "pipelines" folder, note that the app-names need to match

### Procedure to update the apps and pipelines
These are scripts that use spin-cli to uploaded the apps and pipelines generated by the scripts above. There are 3 files: load-apps.sh, load-pipes.sh and config. The procedure is as follows:

**create-apps-pipes-job.yaml**:  This creates a pod that sleeps. It contains the required executables. The script that uses is in *-spinnaker-spin-pipeline-import  in a configMap.

**Note: release name is assumed to be isd. if not, please edit the files accordingly**

k apply -f isd-spinnaker-spin-pipeline-import-config.yaml

k apply -f create-apps-pipes-job.yaml   # create the job that just sleeps

Exec into the pod. it has git, spin-cli and other commands needed.
cd /tmp/config/spin # this contains the config required for spin-cli
cd /tmp
git clone <this folder or its fork>

Now we have all the scripts, apps, pipelines and spin-cli config required

**load-apps.sh** : this script calls spin-cli to upload the files from the app folder

**load-pipes.sh** : this script calls spin-cli to upload the files from the pipelines folder

**load-pipes-cronupdate.sh** : this script adds a cron-trigger the pipeline and uploads. This allows for pipelines to be modified so that the execute and load Spinnaker
  
Execute the scripts. If you need to edit anything, vi is NOT available. Edit it in repo, push and git pull inside the pod.
  
  gen-role-not-tested-pipe-with-role.json - This is a pipeline, where can need to substitue role and 
